Reflection Q1: How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?

A: It helps isolate my attention just to the differences in the two files and
ignores the rest.

Reflection Q2: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: I can track all the changes that were made to a project which would help me
determine when features and/or bugs were introduced, only pay attention to the
changes and not waste time wading through all the stuff that didn't change, give
me a path to go back to working versions if I make a mistake, help me learn what
others are working on and how they accomplished certain changes, and just save
a lot of time by not getting confused and accidentally breaking things and then
needed to fix them without knowing where to look.

Reflection Q3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google docs does?

A: Pros: Much more control of what gets saved, meaningful changes, named changes
that can describe what happened, saves at logical times,

Cons: You could forget to save when you should have

Reflection Q4: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
file separately?

A: I think Git allows saving multiple files in one commit so you can track
changes together - track coordinated changes - know what files are involved in
adding a particular feature.  This makes code maintenance / feature addition
much easier.

Reflection Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?

A: You can use git log to see when changes were made and read the description
typed in by the committer.  You can use git diff to see the actual changes from
one version to another.

Reflection Q6: How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

A: Because you always know you have a safety version that allows you to revert
back to a version you are more comfortable with

Reflection Q7: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try
using Git for?

A: I'll use it for my iOS projects!!  :-)
